.TH passmenu-autotype 1 "2017 August 8" "Version 1.0.0" "User Commands"


.SH NAME
passmenu-autotype - a dmenu-based interface to password-store to copy and autotype credentials.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B passmenu-autotype
[ --type
[ --userfield
.I userfield-name
]] [ dmenu arguments...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.BR passmenu-autotype(1)
is a
.BR dmenu (1)
based interface to
.BR pass (1)
allowing the user to autotype credentials or just simply copy the password.
Autotype is accomplished using
.BR xdotool (1).
.B passmenu-autotype
requires a consistent username label to be used in the metadata section
of the password file but is flexible in terms of what this label is.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-\-type\fP
.br
Autotype the password once a selection is made
.TP
\fB-\-userfield\fP \fIuserfield-name\fP
Autotype the username as well as the password. The
.I userfield-name
must match the label/key of a line in the metadata section of the password file.
See EXAMPLES below.


.SH EXAMPLES
Given a password file of the following format:
.P
.B some-account.gpg
.RS
someRLYg0odp4ssw0rd
.br
username: matt-snider
.RE

Executing the following would reuslt in the username being type, tab being pressed, and then the password being typed:
.RS
.BR passmenu-autotype --type --userfield username [dmenu arguments...]
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pass (1)
.BR dmenu (1)
.BR xdotool (1)


.SH AUTHOR
matt-snider


.SH HOME
.I https://github.com/matt-snider/passmenu-autotype


.SH REPORTING BUGS
.I https://github.com/matt-snider/passmenu-autotype/issues


.SH LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Matt Snider

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
